#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.dev.in
#
amqp==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.3.0b1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
anyio==3.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redis
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
backoff==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   analytics-python
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
boto3==1.17.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
botocore==1.20.26
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
celery==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-celery
cerberus==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   minio
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   google-crc32c
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
codecovopentelem @ git+ssh://git@github.com/codecov/opentelem-python.git@v0.0.4a1
    # via -r requirements.txt
colour==0.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   codecovopentelem
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==40.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
deprecated==1.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opentelemetry-api
ecdsa==0.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tlslite-ng
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
faker==8.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   factory-boy
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-freezegun
google-api-core==2.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   shared
google-cloud-core==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
google-crc32c==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.59.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   oauth2
httpx==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
    #   yarl
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
kombu==5.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
lxml==4.9.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
minio==7.1.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
monotonic==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   analytics-python
multidict==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   yarl
oauth2==1.9.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
opentelemetry-api==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-celery
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
opentelemetry-instrumentation==0.23b2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-celery
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
opentelemetry-instrumentation-celery==0.23b2
    # via -r requirements.txt
opentelemetry-sdk==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   codecovopentelem
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.23b2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-celery
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   shared
psycopg2==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
pytest==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-freezegun
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-sqlalchemy
pytest-asyncio==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-celery==0.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-cov==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-freezegun==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-mock==1.13.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytest-sqlalchemy==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-json-logger==0.1.11
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   timestring
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   vcrpy
    #   watchdog
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
requests==2.28.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   codecovopentelem
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   stripe
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
sentry-sdk==1.19.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
file:./shared#egg=shared
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   click-repl
    #   ecdsa
    #   google-auth
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   vcrpy
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==1.3.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.36.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pytest-sqlalchemy
statsd==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
stripe==2.56.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   faker
timestring==1.6.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
tlslite-ng==0.8.0-alpha39
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   shared
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   google-auth
    #   minio
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vcrpy==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
watchdog[watchmedo]==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.dev.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deprecated
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   vcrpy
yarl==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   vcrpy

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
